Import 14.0 HD RP support pack for unity 2022.3 with HD RP 14.0 and all higher HD RP versions

	!!!! IMPORTANT !!!! Open "Project settings" ->"Gaphics"-> "HDRP global settings" ->  "Diffusion Profile Assets"
	and drag and drop our SSS settings diffusion profiles for  water into the Diffusion profile list:

Please add our SSS settings to your project. 
Please find: "HDRenderPipelineAsset" 
At the brottom please add our:
- "NM_SSSSettings_Water_RAM3" 

Profiles into "Diffusion Profile List" you can find it at:
"Project settings" ->"Gaphics"-> "HDRP global settings" ->  "Default 
It's because we use translucency on water.  You could also do it by "fix" button at material

Shaders support SSR  if you turn option SSR at transparent you will get nice effect on water surface.

Find the "HD RP RAM 3 Demo Tesseled" scene and open it.

IMPORTANT:
If water is a bit to heavy in render replace it via non tesseled material.
If you don't want to use tesselation change materials to offset variants. They are the same just without tesselation.
You could change the shader or drag and drop offset material with same name.
Make note that tesselation shaders doesn't support rtx at unity hd rp yet, use offset shaders/materials

IMPORTANT:
If you notice in the console error:
No more space in Reflection Probe Atlas. To solve this issue, increase the size of the Reflection Probe Atlas in the HDRP settings.
UnityEngine.GUIUtility:ProcessEvent (int,intptr,bool&)
Just change reflection atlas size at hd rp settings into 4kx8k or higher.
Go to: Edit--> Project Settings --> find "Reflection 2D Atlas Size" --> set it to 8x8k or lower if it would not throw any error on 4x8k for example.


IMPORTANT2:
If you notice in the console warning:
Maximum reflection probes on screen reached. To fix this error, increase the 'Maximum Cube Reflection Probes on Screen' property in the HDRP asset.
UnityEngine.GUIUtility:ProcessEvent (int,intptr,bool&)
Go to: Edit--> Project Settings --> find "Maximum Cube Reflection Probes on Screen" --> set it to 64
